---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "remscontent_form Resource - remscontent"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Form
---

# remscontent_form (Resource)

Form



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_title` (String) External title shown to applicants filling out the form.
- `fields` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields))
- `internal_name` (String) Internal name for the form, visible to administrators only.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization to associate this form with.

### Optional

- `archived` (Boolean) Whether the form is archived. Archived forms are not visible or usable in REMS. Defaults to `false`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the form is enabled and available for use. If set to `false`, the form will be inactive and cannot be used for new submissions. Defaults to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Form internal identifier

<a id="nestedatt--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields`

Required:

- `title` (String) The title for the field
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `columns` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--columns))
- `id` (String) Field identifier
- `info` (String) Field description explain applicants what the field about.
- `max_length` (Number) maximum character for the field
- `optional` (Boolean)
- `options` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--options))
- `placeholder` (String)
- `privacy` (String) Visibility of the field. Default: `public`
- `visibility` (Attributes) Defines conditional visibility for this field, driven by the value of a referenced option or multiselect field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fields--visibility))

<a id="nestedatt--fields--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.columns`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `label` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--fields--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.options`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `label` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--fields--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fields.visibility`

Required:

- `visibility_type` (String) When to show this field. Use `always` to always show, or `only-if` to show only when another field matches a specific value. Default: always

Optional:

- `field_id` (String) The ID of the field this visibility depends on. Only applies when `visibility_type` is `only-if`.
- `has_value` (List of String) List of option keys that the field referenced by `field_id` must match for this field to be visible. Only applies when `visibility_type` is `only-if`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import remscontent_example.test "id-123"
```
